#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass report
\options doublespace,fullpage
\use_default_options false
\master thesis.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding default
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks false
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder false
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref section
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\papersize letterpaper
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1.5in
\rightmargin 1in
\headsep 0.083334in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle fancy
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
phantomsection
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
addcontentsline{toc}{chapter}{Acknowledgements}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\series bold
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
fontsize{14pt}{14.5pt}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
selectfont
\end_layout

\end_inset

 
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
uppercase
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{
\end_layout

\end_inset

Acknowledgements
\begin_inset ERT
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\series default

\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\begin_inset VSpace 1cm
\end_inset

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
First and foremost, I would like to thank my supervisor, Prof.
 Aslan Kasimov, for advising me and suggesting ideas for projects and numerical
 experiments throughout my research.
 He created a friendly atmosphere governed by freedom and scientific curiosity
 in his research group which helped me to complete my PhD studies, and I
 am truly grateful for that.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I would also like to thank my co-supervisor, Prof.
 Athanasios Tzavaras, who supported and encouraged me during the late stages
 of my PhD work.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Additionally, I would like to thank the Committee members, Profs.
 Ravi Samtaney, David Ketcheson, and Ruben Rodolfo Rosales, for helpful
 suggestions and comments.
 I gratefully acknowledge everybody in the Department of Applied Mathematics
 and Computational Sciences, for all the enjoyment that I had while studying
 here and taking a lot of excellent classes on numerical methods, fluid
 dynamics, and high-performance computing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The support and care of all my friends in KAUST, especially, not in any
 particular order, of Vera Solovyeva, Slava Korneev, Naeemullah Khan, Sultan
 Albarakati, Dasha Bolbot, Yana Ukhova, and Alena Denisova, made my life
 easier and more enjoyable during my PhD journey.
 I am much obliged for that.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For everybody else who I know in KAUST and have not mentioned here explicitly,
 I thank you too.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Last, but not least, I am deeply grateful to King Abdullah University of
 Science and Technology for an opportunity to study here, in this amazing
 place on a shore of the Red Sea, combining a
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

research institute with a
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

resort.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
